the things that cause the most stress on the job would probably be deadlines
and your other personnel everyone has a a deadline to meet and
you have this inter you know this tangled way above of deadlines and
schedules and needs of and priorities so that definitely heightens
the stress level you know tremendously so you may have two inspections
coming up next week you might have a person of some sailors that
it just got in trouble so you're down some team leads you might have
you know some spot checks coming up you know main is coming up and
you're about to get underway next week so those dead last at compile
on top of each other definitely heightened stress and you know not
to mention your your home life your wife's sake or your baby sick
your wife stressed out because you leave and you know deadlines and
you know so the the multiple last that you live as a school will probably
be the most stressful